one of the neat things about having a
boat is when it's your boat I live in
Illinois where there's horse power
restrictions but I don't want to be
restricted by my boat I'm able to take a
smaller boat and be able to have
everything that I'd have on a big five
20 C I can do it in this small boat
we're going to take a walk through this
boat and I'm going to show you exactly
how I set it up why I set it up the way
I did and some of the neat features that
we've got on this boat let's start at
the transom one of the things about a
little boat is you got to be able to get
it going and one of the things I've done
is you've got a nice power plant nice
Mercury outboard you've also got a power
pull skinny water is an advantage with a
little boat you can get in real skinny
water and you can put the power pole
down and be able to stop and fish a fish
a little bit longer than you could
otherwise also on this boat I have a
jack plate it gives me maybe one or two
mile an hour better and that's really
neat let's step down and take a look at
the console one of the things that's
very important is you got to have
electronics at the console level I
happen to like the fact that you've got
the capability to network my unit from
front to back what that allows me to do
is set a waypoint here as I sight imaged
then be able to have that same way point
in the front when I go up to the front
you can see I have a larger unit in the
front and that's because I spend a lot
of my time up here in the front of the
boat
the other thing I really believe in is
the Hydra wave the Hydra wave whether
you catch fish with it or not it's one
of those things where I've got it's cop
it's a competence thing for me and the
other thing that's very important is
you've got to have enough power to get
you around in shallow water or deep
water that's why I like the fortrex
trolling motor when you look at a boat
like this you've got to have all your
controls right here in the front with
you got controls at the console you've
got to have the same controls up at the
front one of the very important things
about that is is that you want the
capability to be able to use a small
boat just like you would a big boat
except you don't have the affordability
issue that you have in a big boat I can
take this small boat and I can fish
anywhere in the country and be able to
feed a fish comfortably and with the
right skills abilities techniques all
the things are important in us in a big
boat except it doesn't cost as much
check us out at wired2fish dot-com